README.md, before:

# Welcome to My Repository
### As the name indicates, I created this repository to make a github page. Link- <a href="https://srinivaasan27.github.io/" >Srinivaasan27</a>
## Programming Languages
### I created this Github Page using HTML and CSS.
## HTML:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/index.html">Index.html</a>

## CSS:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/style.css">Style.css</a>

## IMG SRC:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Profile%20Photo.PNG">1. Profile Photo.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Github.PNG">2. Github.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Scratch.PNG">3. Scratch.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Chess.PNG">4. Chess.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/HTML%26CSS.PNG">5. HTML & CSS.png </a>
## Special thanks to <a href="https://github.com/e-coders">E - Coders</a> for helping me fix the image bug.
## Special thanks to <a href="https://github.com/Genius398">Genius398</a> for creating <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/LICENSE.md">LICENSE.md.</a>
## Note: 
### This site is under construction.

Commit message:

Credits to Google Fonts and Bootstrap icons

README.md, after:

# Welcome to My Repository
### As the name indicates, I created this repository to make a github page. Link- <a href="https://srinivaasan27.github.io/" >Srinivaasan27</a>
## Programming Languages
### I created this Github Page using HTML and CSS.
## HTML:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/index.html">Index.html</a>

## CSS:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/style.css">Style.css</a>

## IMG SRC:- <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Profile%20Photo.PNG">1. Profile Photo.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Github.PNG">2. Github.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Scratch.PNG">3. Scratch.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/Chess.PNG">4. Chess.png </a><a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/HTML%26CSS.PNG">5. HTML & CSS.png </a>
## Speical thanks to Google Fonts and BootStrap icons.
## Special thanks to <a href="https://github.com/e-coders">E - Coders</a> for helping me fix the image bug.
## Special thanks to <a href="https://github.com/Genius398">Genius398</a> for creating <a href="https://github.com/Srinivaasan27/Srinivaasan27.github.io/blob/main/LICENSE.md">LICENSE.md.</a>
## Note: 
### This site is under construction.
